In this video, we're going to do some initial setup of the Net's streaming server.
I first want to give you just a couple of very high level notes on it, and then we're going to start
to deploy it into our Kubernetes cluster by writing, as you'd guess, a config file.
So a couple of notes here.
So we're making use of something called Nats streaming server to share events across all the different
services inside of our application.
You can find documentation for nats streaming server at dock's nats io.
So I'm going to go there right now.
Here's the documentation page.
Now, something that is extremely important for you to understand right from the get go.
This is extremely important.
You are going to see a terminology of simply gnats and gnats streaming server.
These are two separate programs, two different things, and they behave pretty darn differently.
We are not making use of gnats.
Gnats is a very simple, basic implementation of event sharing and that streaming server is built on
top of gnats.
It is a more advanced and more full of feature implementation that we are going to be making use of.
So in all the documentation that we look at, in all the deployment instructions, everything, we always
want to be making sure that we're taking a look at something that says Gnats streaming server 100% of
the time.
Having said that, throughout the remainder of this course, and particularly in this section, whenever
I want to refer to that streaming server, I'm going to very frequently say simply gnats, just because
saying that streaming server over and over and over again is going to be really annoying.
So for you, just keep in mind, we're always going to want to look at documentation around Nats streaming
server and this applies even to the official documentation.
Once we come over here on the left hand side, we're going to see stuff that says Nat's concepts developing
with Nat's and so on.
That is all references to just plain Nat's, which we're not using.
We are using Nat's streaming server.
So the documentation we want to look at, we're going to scroll down on the left hand side.
And eventually find Nats streaming concepts.
These are the documentation sections we care about.
Here is developing with Nat streaming.
Yep we care about that.
And here's nat streaming server.
Yep, we care about that.
So again, make sure you are not reading about Nats.
Make sure you are reading about Nat's streaming server.
Okay.
So that might.
Some of the different features of Nat streaming are going to be absolutely tremendous in how we eventually
start to implement some of our different services and particularly how we shared data between them.
So in the coming videos, we're going to get Nat streaming server up and running inside of our Kubernetes
cluster.
We're going to create a very small little project where we are just writing out some Node.js code to
work with Nat streaming server directly so we can get a better idea of how it behaves, how it shares
information around how events get persisted.
How we can somehow synchronize new services that we add into our application and so on.
We are going to run now streaming server inside of our Kubernetes cluster by using the official Docker
image called Nats streaming.
Let's go take a look at the image documentation on Docker Hub right now, just so we have a better idea
of how we can get this thing up and running.
So inside of a second browser tab, I'm going to navigate to Hub Docker.
And then once here I will search for Nats at the top.
And again, we're going to see it.
One image called Nats and another called Nats streaming.
So again, we want to make sure we are always going for nets streaming.
On this page, we can take a look at some documentation.
The documentation I really want to point out to you is at the very, very bottom of this page.
So specifically.
The command line options.
So these are a ton of different options that we can provide when we create our deployment.
I'll show you how we stick these in and these are going to customize Howard Nordstrom server behaves.
Some of these options are really important for us to set and in some cases we definitely do not want
to be using the default settings.
All right.
So in this video, we've really established three things.
Number one, we're using that streaming server, not gnats.
Number two, we're going to take a look at the Nats documentation.
And when we do, we're going to make sure we take a look at the streaming documentation.
And number three, we're going to run that streaming server inside of our Kubernetes cluster by deploying
it like any other service in our app.
And I guess number 3.5 or so, we definitely want to keep this page open, the Docker Hub documentation
on the NAT streaming image so we can take a look at the different command line options that are available
to us.
All right.
So a quick pause right here.
We're going to start to deploy this into our cluster in the next video by writing a deployment.